Welcome to [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/User:✓ my] Wikipedia Script Repository!

I've started coding long, long times ago with some very simple <code>monobook.js</code> experiments.
Soon, I got tired of the online editing, saving, cache-purging, testing cirlce and wanted a faster developing experience, so I started with [http://www.opera.com/docs/userjs/ Opera's userscript feature].

Today I'm running thousands of lines of local code (with only few blank ones :-) in my browser, all to the greater aim of smoothening my Wikipedia experience.
And now I think that sharing this code might be a good idea, having you profiting of it. Of course, many things are feeble, outdated, and too localized, but you also will find some pearls.
Those pearls I'm gonna present also at [http://www.mediawiki.org/w/index.php?title=User:%E2%9C%93/scripts mediawiki.org], but before merging the greatest of them right into the MediaWiki software itself, I feel I should show you what I've come up with so far.

== Overview ==

The JavaScript files in the selected userscripts folder run in alphabetical order. So what I have are
# [[#init|___init.js]] 
# __functional.js, a unified version of my [[../F|F library]] where I also test and hotfix new features
# __promise.js, the working and testing bench for the Promise library from F.js
# __tools.js, some debugging function and anything that does not match into the functional approach of F.js
# _data...js, some large and static variable definitions for the gadgets
# _editexternals.js, a script that allows you testing your code on other websites
# and then a bunch of more-or-less unrelated single scripts, including [[/api|api.js]], gadgets.js, [[/interactive|interactive.js]] and many more.